Okay, let's go ahead and move in here.
And so in this first section,
we're going to modify our CollegeStudent class
and we're going to add a new private field for id.
All right, we're in our CollegeStudent class
and we'll add that new private field for id.
I'll generate the Getters and Setters here
for this given field.
Excellent.
Let me stretch out here at the bottom,
give myself some room to work with.
And I'll also add a private method
that'll simply return the first name and the ID.
And we'll actually use these new items here,
so we'll actually write some test
to access the private field directly.
And we'll also write some test
to access this private method.
Let's go ahead and move into our test section here
and let's add a new test.
And the name for this new class,
we'll call it ReflectionTestUtilsTest.
Okay, great. Here's the basic shelve for the class.
And we'll go ahead and start adding some code
into this class.